come at me miss form so my name's J
dizzle and I'm a disciple of Zeus the
father of that stinks you mine right
okay don't mind these ones I got our
Hospital my one collapsed it's still
collapsed and stuff but so that's one
like spo2 anything else to do because it
can't do start aah
rest in peace breath you myron cats look
at that oh that's 77 kilos and muscle
still in six the poo
so yeah bit roman four years and so
mostly life of being a sad cat but you
know after watching these these videos
on the internet i want to turn the life
around but cuz on the same can't you
know i don't have any money so I can't I
can't go the Jimmy and I can't buy
nutritious foods but I'm going to show
you how making it work for me this was
always our heaps focused on like getting
pumped up for the gym and shit but cause
I don't have like an iPod or like
anything to play music but when I was at
the library watching those videos on the
YouTube and I remembered oh that's how
go so I just you know before a workout
you noticed here you go you'll find
yourself you'll find yourself to nine ah
you know I just do a bit of that one it
gives me pumped up ready to go
look audacity excited so as you all know
nutrition is really important but I
don't have a lot of money so you know
I'm working with what I got is what I
have for lunch today it's a it's
actually dog food but you know it works
you know it's got the meat in it this
one said you want to put on meat you
need to eat meat this is all I can
afford at the moment
don't touch to bear all
I do some of dumbbells so I found these
tune the council clean up and I just
found one of these ones in the council
clean up but if I hold the hold two in
one hand and this one another they're
about the same way so you know it's good
it's working I will show you you know
look at that I don't want to do too much
because you know the one thing so down
here I've got a plate I got the 20 bucks
of the garage sale
people ask I ready pretty seduce you
this is my other leg extensions machine
or you my bra I'll look at that shit or
you're gonna have a bit of a sleep now
bras but remember get ripped or dime
iron